Doc Cleanup Items (#282)
UMAprotocol/docs: docs/getting-started/welcome.md

> UMA's goal is to enable anyone to attain or transfer any form of risk seamlessly and securely through UMA protocol to empower everyone to participate in a universally accessible financial system.

Reviewer: Mind replacing these intro paragraphs with something like this? Didn't realize how out of place these were. Also would like your feedback on the new suggestion.

```
UMA is an optimistic oracle that uses economic guarantees to secure markets. Unlike mechanically restrictive price feed oracles, an optimistic oracle is able to serve any arbitrary data on-chain. UMA’s flexible oracle serves data for uses including a cross-chain bridge, insurance, custom derivatives and prediction markets among other things.
 
The UMA Protocol also provides various smart contract templates that are automatically secured by its optimistic oracle. Among these are contract templates and integrations for creating synthetic tokens, predictions markets, "KPI options" and structured financial products.
```

## Developers

> If you are a developer interested in building on UMA Protocol, view this [explainer](synthetic-tokens/long-short-pair.md) to understand how UMA's Long Short Pair (LSP) contract works. Also review the [development guide](build-walkthrough/build-process) to learn how to launch your own financial contract on UMA. 

Reviewer: I think this could use some more organization. We built the product sections, so let's use them now!

```suggestion
If you are a developer interested in building on the UMA Protocol, please refer to these tutorials and resources to get started.
- [Launching a KPI Option](https://docs.umaproject.org/kpi-options/summary)
- [Launching a Success Token](https://docs.umaproject.org/success-tokens/summary)
- [Integrating with the Optimistic Oracle](https://docs.umaproject.org/developers/optimistic-oracle-integration)
- [Proposing an UMA Improvement Proposal (UMIP)](https://docs.umaproject.org/uma-tokenholders/adding-price-id)
- [Understanding the Long Short Pair contract](https://docs.umaproject.org/synthetic-tokens/long-short-pair)
- [Understanding the Optimistic Oracle interface](https://docs.umaproject.org/oracle/optimistic-oracle-interface)
```
